README.adoc, before:

= Pillars
:toc: preamble
:imagesdir: ./modules/docs/src/docs/images

[.text-center]
image:logo.svg[logo,600,600,align=center]

This library is a basis for backend applications written in Scala 3 using the TypeLevel stack.

It is a work in progress and is not ready for production use.

== Features

- Admin server
- Configuration
- Database access
- Feature flags
- Logging
- OpenTelemetry-based observability

== Usage

This library is currently available for Scala binary version 3.3.1.

To use the latest version, include the following in your `build.sbt`:

[source,scala]
--
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
  "com.rlemaitre" %% "pillars" % "@VERSION@"
)
--

== Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

See link:contributing.adoc[`contributing.adoc`] for ways to get started.

Please adhere to this project's link:CODE_OF_CONDUCT.adoc[`code of conduct`].

Scafolding connector:

```
g8Scaffold module --moduleName=kafka-fs2
```

Mind the gap :D




== Feedback

If you have any feedback, please reach out to us at mailto:pillars@pillars.dev[]


== License

link:http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0[Apache 2]

Commit message:

chore: Change license from APL-2.0 to EPL-2.0 (#190)
Signed-off-by: Raphaël Lemaitre <rlemaitre@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Scala Steward <scala_steward@virtuslab.com>

README.adoc, after:

= Pillars
:toc: preamble
:imagesdir: ./modules/docs/src/docs/images

[.text-center]
image:logo.svg[logo,600,600,align=center]

This library is a basis for backend applications written in Scala 3 using the TypeLevel stack.

It is a work in progress and is not ready for production use.

== Features

- Admin server
- Configuration
- Database access
- Feature flags
- Logging
- OpenTelemetry-based observability

== Usage

This library is currently available for Scala binary version 3.3.1.

To use the latest version, include the following in your `build.sbt`:

[source,scala]
--
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
  "com.rlemaitre" %% "pillars" % "@VERSION@"
)
--

== Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

See link:contributing.adoc[`contributing.adoc`] for ways to get started.

Please adhere to this project's link:CODE_OF_CONDUCT.adoc[`code of conduct`].

Scafolding connector:

```
g8Scaffold module --moduleName=kafka-fs2
```

Mind the gap :D




== Feedback

If you have any feedback, please reach out to us at mailto:pillars@pillars.dev[]


== License

This project is licensed under the link:https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/[Eclipse Public License - v 2.0].
