modules/docs/src/docs/user-guide/30_modules/index.adoc, before:

== Modules
:project-name: Pillars
:author: {project-name} Team
:toc: preamble
:icons: font
:jbake-type: page
:jbake-title: Optional Modules
:jbake-status: published

ifndef::projectRootDir[]
:projectRootDir: ../../../../../
endif::projectRootDir[]

{project-name} includes several optional modules:

- <<Database>>
- <<HTTP Client>>
- <<Feature Flags>>

=== Database

The database module provides a simple abstraction over the database access layer.
It is based on the skunk library and provides a simple interface to execute queries and transactions.

xref:10_db.adoc[Read more]

=== HTTP Client

The HTTP Client module provides a simple abstraction over the HTTP client layer.
It is based on the http4s library using Netty and provides a simple interface to execute HTTP requests.

xref:20_http-client.adoc[Read more]

=== Feature Flags

The Feature Flags module provides a simple abstraction over the feature flags layer.

xref:30_flags.adoc[Read more]

=== Write your own module

You can easily write your own module by implementing the `Module` trait.

xref:100_write-your-own-module.adoc[Read more]

Commit message:

- document RabbitMQ module - add skeleton for Redis module doc - fix dead code in RabbitMQ tests

modules/docs/src/docs/user-guide/30_modules/index.adoc, after:

== Modules
:project-name: Pillars
:author: {project-name} Team
:toc: preamble
:icons: font
:jbake-type: page
:jbake-title: Optional Modules
:jbake-status: published

ifndef::projectRootDir[]
:projectRootDir: ../../../../../
endif::projectRootDir[]

{project-name} includes several optional modules:

- <<Database>>
- <<HTTP Client>>
- <<Feature Flags>>
- <<Redis>>
- <<RabbitMQ>>

=== Database

The database module provides a simple abstraction over the database access layer.
It is based on the skunk library and provides a simple interface to execute queries and transactions.

xref:10_db.adoc[Read more]

=== HTTP Client

The HTTP Client module provides a simple abstraction over the HTTP client layer.
It is based on the http4s library using Netty and provides a simple interface to execute HTTP requests.

xref:20_http-client.adoc[Read more]

=== Feature Flags

The Feature Flags module provides a simple abstraction over the feature flags layer.

xref:30_flags.adoc[Read more]

=== Redis

The `Redis` module provides integration with https://redis.io[redis].

xref:40_redis.adoc[Read more]

=== RabbitMQ

The `RabbitMQ` module provides integration with https://www.rabbitmq.com[RabbitMQ].

xref:41_rabbitmq.adoc[Read more]

=== Write your own module

You can easily write your own module by implementing the `Module` trait.

xref:100_write-your-own-module.adoc[Read more]
